doc_fix:Migrated to structured logging (#5624)
kubernetes/community: contributors/devel/sig-instrumentation/logging.md

[klog](http://godoc.org/github.com/kubernetes/klog) is globally preferred to
[log](http://golang.org/pkg/log/) for better runtime control.

Shared libraries, such as `client-go`, should not use `klog.ErrorS()` and `klog.InfoS()`,

> but just return `error`, because client libraries may be used in CLI UIs that wish to control output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but just return `error`, because client libraries may be used in CLI UIs that wish to control output.

Please see the [Structured Logging Guide](contributors/devel/sig-instrumentation/migration-to-structured-logging.md#structured-logging-in-kubernetes) for more information on how to set keys and values in structured logs.
```

> * klog.ErrorS() - Always an error

Reviewer 2: Let's update it based on https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-instrumentation/migration-to-structured-logging.md#using-errors

`Errors should be used to indicate unexpected behaviours in code, like unexpected errors returned by subroutine function calls`

> * klog.InfoS() -  Structured logs to the INFO log. Something unexpected, but probably not an error.

Reviewer 2: I would add that `InfoS` should can be used for expected errors (errors that can happen during routine operations) .

[klog](http://godoc.org/github.com/kubernetes/klog) is globally preferred to
[log](http://golang.org/pkg/log/) for better runtime control.

Shared libraries, such as `client-go`, should not use `klog.ErrorS()` and `klog.InfoS()`,
but just return `error`, because client libraries may be used in CLI UIs that wish to control output.

> Please see the [Structured Logging Guide](contributors/devel/sig-instrumentation/migration-to-structured-logging.md#structured-logging-in-kubernetes) for more information on how to set keys and values in structured logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see the [Structured Logging Guide](migration-to-structured-logging.md#structured-logging-in-kubernetes) for more information on how to set keys and values in structured logs.
```

* klog.ErrorS() - Errors should be used to indicate unexpected behaviours in code, like unexpected errors returned by subroutine function calls.

> Logs generated by `ErrorS` command may be enhanced with additional debug information (by logging library).Calling `ErrorS` with `nil` as error is semi-acceptable if there is error condition that deserves a stack trace at this origin point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logs generated by `ErrorS` command may be enhanced with additional debug information (by logging library). Calling `ErrorS` with `nil` as error may be acceptable if there is error condition that deserves a stack trace at this origin point.
```

> * klog.InfoS() -  Structured logs to the INFO log. Something unexpected, but probably not an error. `InfoS` should can be used for expected errors (errors that can happen during routine operations) .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* klog.InfoS() -  Structured logs to the INFO log. `InfoS` should be used for routine logging. It can also be used to log warnings for expected errors (errors that can happen during routine operations).
```
